Greetings fellow liberlanders and all
freedom loving people of the world.
Happy new year 2026.
2025 was an extraordinary year not just
for Liberland but for everybody that
believes in liberty. There were some
major successes
for the freedom movement. I'm happy that
cavier mele our citizen has been leading
the country towards more prosperous
future and that people like Peter
Matsinka another famous liberal citizen
have become a foreign minister of Czech
Republic. I believe these victories are
our path towards a global recognition.
Somaliand that was the first country to
recognize Liberland via a memorandum of
understanding in 2017 has recently
became recognized country. Liberland
will be recognized mainly for our
adherence to principles of liberty for
the free markets but also for our
implementation of blockchain governance.
I'm more than proud to announce that the
elections of Liberland have been
recently concluded and Justin Sun has
become again prime minister of
Liberland. We're proud to have him as he
is the founder of Tron blockchain
ecosystem, one of the key financial
elements in the modern world. Liberland
is building its own blockchain and its
own brillages to the centralized
ecosystems.
In 2026, we are going to focus on making
sure that these bridges are
fundamentally built and that liberalers
are able to establish new companies as a
decentralized autonomous organizations.
We're also going to focus on centralized
banking solutions with Liberland Bank
and Liberal Pay that will be working
hands in hand to make Liberal a reality.
In 2026, I believe we have a chance to
reach 1 million applicants for
citizenship. We have a chance again to
double Liberland budget and make sure
that Liberlanders bring a lot of value,
not just globally, but also locally into
the region around Liberland. We're
announcing $40 million investment plan
for the Barana region. Both Serbia and
Croatia will profit from our presence.
looking forward to build a new country
with you with your support and with your
enthusiasm.
Happy new year 2026.